Graded Quiz: ORM: MicroServices w/ Serverless

1. After creating an action, you must invoke the action so it can do its task. What are two modes for invoking actions?
* Blocking and non-blocking
  Activation and Activation record
  Activation and activation ID
  Request and response 

2. What can you use to pass parameters to actions?
* A JSON file and the param-file flag.
  A JSON file and the param-required flag.
  A JSON file and the object flag.
  A JSON file and the place flag.

3. What do you use to create sequence actions?
* Existing actions
  JavaScript
  Sequence builders
  Proxy actions 

4. IBM Cloud Functions provides pre-installed libraries to call actions from other actions.
* True
  False, this can only be done using HTTP

5. What is provided by public packages for IBM Cloud Functions?
* Actions
  Cloudant instances
  Namespaces
* Triggers feeds

6. What command can you use to avoid passing the same parameters to an action every time? 
  ibmcloud fn parameter bind
* ibmcloud fn package bind
  ibmcloud fn default parameter
  ibmcloud fn package join

7. How can you set default parameters for all entities in a package? 
* Set package level parameters that are inherited by all actions
  List parameters
  Join actions
  Sequence actions

8. What can you use to configure an external event source to fire multiple trigger events?
* Feed
  Sequence action
  Parameter 
  Get command

9. If you have already created an action and want to create a trigger to invoke this action, what three options must you include in the rule create command?
  Rule ID, trigger ID, and action ID
  Location of rule, name of trigger, and action 
  Name of rule, location of trigger and action
* Name of rule, trigger, and action

10. Why would you expose actions as APIs rather than manually via command line or web console?
  There is less chance of error
  Actions exposed as APIs have better performance 
* Actions called manually don't integrate well with microservices
  Actions are invalid unless they are exposed as APIs

11. What is one of the reasons to use the API Gateway service?
* Perform request routing
* Perform user authentication
* Perform rate limiting
  It's the only way to create web actions
