Graded Quiz: Full-stack Django Development

1. What else does the Django template contain besides Python code?
  Dynamic HTML elements
  Markdown elements
* Static HTML elements
  XML elements

2. Three files are created by Django after you've created a project. Which of these files is a command-line interface used to interact with the Django project?
  settings.py
  urls.py 
  access.py
* manage.py

3. For the onlinecourse example, when registering the course and instructor models in the Django admin site, you would write and run "admin.site.register(Course)" and what other code statements?
  admin.site.register(Superuser)
  admin.site.register(Admin)
* admin.site.register(Instructor)
  admin.site.register(App) 

4. When you map a URL to the course view, what file do you add path objects to?
  config.py
  manage.py
  settings.py 
* urls.py

5. Django template files display content, such as course names and descriptions. How is the content displayed?
  Markdown
  Plain text
* HTML
  XML

6. Which is one of the differences between the Django MVT and the MVC design pattern?
  MVC has a Model
* The Django framework or Django server itself acts as controller
  There is no difference
  MVT has a View

7. What two development tasks need to be performed to manage and determine which data will be presented to the UI?
  Sort data and sort views
  Access data and build tables
* Model data and create views
  Control the project

8. Which command is used in the Django Admin video to start the server?
  python manage.py startserver
  python manage.py startDjango
* python manage.py runserver
  python manage.py run

9. Django functions, like View, accept arguments as input and return something. Typically, View needs an HTTP request object as the first argument. What does this request object contain?
  Python scripts
* Read-only HTTP metadata
  Django static files
  Python commands

10. Django template file structure sometimes has two files created with the same name. How do you ensure Django points to the correct file?
  Add an identifier
  Note the differences
* Name spacing
  Add metadata
