Module 4 Graded Quiz1. What are the key elements of a Hybrid Multicloud strategy? Select two.* Connects an organization¡¯s on-premise private cloud and third-party public cloud into a single infrastructure * Allows you to leverage the best of cloud models and services across different cloud providers so that your applications and workloads work seamlessly across multiple clouds   For seamless working, it is recommended that if you¡¯re subscribed to the infrastructure services of a cloud provider, you should subscribe to the application services provided by the same vendor.   Embraces a mix of cloud models and services as long as they are from the same cloud service provider 2. What are some of the benefits of using microservices architecture? Select two.* Components facing varied amounts of load can be scaled independently   Each line of code for a microservice needs to be written from scratch  Each microservice of an application needs to use the same stack and runtime environment * Application components can be developed and updated independently of each other 3. Serverless might not be the best fit for all applications or scenarios. Which of these attributes qualify an application for a serverless architecture?  Low-latency applications   Workloads and applications that may be spread across multiple cloud environments and cloud vendors   Workloads characterized by long-running processes * Microservices that can be built as functions that are stateless 4. What are the characteristics of a cloud native application?  Collection of microservices that need to be scaled and updated in relation to each other * Collection of microservices working together as a whole to comprise an application   Collection of microservices that are built as one huge piece of software  Collection of microservices with tightly coupled UI, business logic layer, and data layer 5. DevOps¡¯ tools, practices, and processes are helping tackle some of the complexities and challenges posed by the cloud. Identify two ways in which DevOps is mitigating these challenges.* By fully automating the infrastructure installation process in a way that is documented, repeatable, verifiable, and traceable * By creating an automated deployment pipeline  DevOps processes outline the development principles that need to be followed to modernize monolithic applications to cloud native applications   DevOps best practices eliminate the need to provision servers, build middleware, and install application code 6. Cloud adoption is an integral part of application modernization. What are the other two important components of modernization?  Monolithic Architectures and Physical Servers   Service Oriented Architecture and Waterfall Methodology* Microservices and DevOps   VMs and Agile Methodology7. One of the key characteristics of Hybrid Multicloud is portability. What does portability mean in the context of Hybrid Cloud?  A workload running on the private cloud can leverage the additional public cloud capacity when there is a spike in demand   Distributing a single application across multiple providers allowing you to move application components across cloud services and vendors as needed * The flexibility to move applications and data between systems and cloud service providers   The public and private cloud services can understand each other¡¯s APIs, data formats, forms of authentication and authorization 8. What is an attribute that distinguishes serverless computing from other compute models? * The serverless model requires no provisioning of servers, installation of application stacks, or operation of the infrastructure by the users/developers   End users pay for resources as long as they are running, even if idle   Serverless computing does not require any underlying servers for executing workloads   In the serverless computing environment, resources cannot be scaled up or down 9. Which one of these statements is NOT true of a microservices architecture approach?  Developers can leverage the vast amounts of code already available as the base of an application, eliminating the need to develop code from scratch  Microservices find one another using service discovery, which creates a roadmap for microservices to communicate   Microservices breakdown large applications into their core functions to create a fully functional application* When one of the microservices of an application stops to function, it disrupts the functioning of the complete application 10. Which one of the following statements does NOT describe the DevOps approach and process?   Defines how people work together to build, deploy, and manage applications in a cloud native environment   A collaborative approach where business owners and development, operations, and quality assurance teams collaborate to deliver software continuously   Uses automated tools to monitor the performance and availability of their applications * Eliminates the need to provision servers, build middleware, and install application code