Practice Quiz1. In the use case illustrated in the video, how does the global flower delivery company leverage the Hybrid Multicloud architecture to meet its requirement of varying capacity demands across different geographies?  By scaling up their on-premise architecture   By using the automatic provisioning and de-provisioning of resources that cloud offers * By distributing their delivery service application across multiple cloud environments and providers, spread across multiple geographies2. Which one of these is an attribute of the microservices architecture approach?  When one of the microservices of an application stops to function, it disrupts the functioning of the complete application   Every new functionality in a microservice needs to be developed from scratch   All the microservices that need to perform a task, need to be bundled in a single container so that they can perform the assigned task * Microservices breakdown large applications into their core functions to create a fully functional application 3. Which of these scenarios is NOT a good use case for serverless architecture?  Microservices that can be built as functions that are stateless   Supporting microservices architecture   Stream processing workloads* Workloads characterized by long-running processes 4. Cloud native applications follow a consistent set of development principles. Identify two of these development principles from the provided options.  Tightly couple the different functions of the application so that they can work together as a whole   Bring the various single-function components of an application into one huge piece of software * Containerize the microservices for maximum flexibility, scalability, and portability* Break applications down to single-function microservices 5. Which of the following statements describe the DevOps approach and process? Select two.  Eliminates the need to provision servers, build middleware, and install application code * A collaborative approach where business owners and development, operations, and quality assurance teams collaborate to continuously deliver software* DevOps process defines how people work together to build, deploy, and manage applications in a cloud native environment  Eliminates the need to monitor performance and availability6. Which of the provided options encapsulates the complete application modernization journey?  The journey from monolithic and service-oriented architecture to microservices architecture.   The journey from physical servers and VMs to cloud infrastructure. * The journey from monolithic and service-oriented architecture to microservices architecture, from physical servers and VMs to cloud infrastructure, and from waterfall and agile methodology to DevOps.   The journey from waterfall and agile development methodologies to DevOps.