Module 2 - Graded Quiz

1. Which of the following four statements describes what Kubernetes is? Select all that apply. 
* Container orchestration platform 
* A tool that facilitates declarative management 
  A registry for storing images 
* Widely available 
* Open source software 

2. Which of the following components is part of the Kubernetes control plane? 
  The worker nodes 
  The kubelet 
* etcd 
  The Kubernetes network proxy 

3. Which of the following two are Kubernetes objects? Select all that apply. 
  Clusters 
  Kubelets 
  Kubernetes scheduler 
* ConfigMaps 
* Namespaces 

4. Which Kubernetes object represents a single instance of processes running in a container? 
  Deployment 
* Pod 
  Cluster 
  Kubelet 
  ReplicaSet 

5. In this sample kubectl command, what does create do? 

        kubectl create -f nginx.yaml 

* It creates an object using the details in the nginx.yaml file. 
  It creates a new cluster using the details in the nginx.yaml file. 
  It creates a YAML file named nginx.yaml. 
  It creates a configuration file for an nginx web server. 

6. Which of the following statements describes what Kubernetes is? 
  A solution for sharing and storing images 
  A service for building source code 
  An all-inclusive platform as a service (PaaS) 
  A continuous delivery pipeline 
* A container orchestration platform 

7. Which of the following two are container runtimes? Select all that apply. 
  Rocket Ship
  DRunner 
* CRI-O 
* Docker 
  Kubelet 

8. Which of the following Kubernetes objects can you use to segregate a cluster by team or project? 
  Volumes 
  ConfigMaps 
  Kubernetes controllers 
* Namespaces 

9. Which Kubernetes object provides updates to Pods and ReplicaSets? 
  Patch 
* Deployment 
  ConfigMap 
  Secret 

10. In this sample kubectl command, what does create do? 

        kubectl create -f pod.json 
 
  It creates a new cluster using the details in the pod.json file. 
  It creates a file that contains the configuration for a Kubernetes Pod. 
* It creates an object using the details in the pod.json file. 
  It creates a JSON file named pod.json. 
