Graded Quiz: Introduction to MicroServices

1. Modern software development often uses which of the following along with the twelve-factor application methodology? 
  Monoliths
  SaaS  
  Databases deployed on VMs
* Microservices 

2. In Factor 5: Build, release, run, which stage launches the application's processes? 
  Release  
  Test 
* Run 
  Build 

3. In the "What are Microservices?" video example, what happens when a service in the microservices system fails? 
  That service is scaled up
  The application completely fails and stop running 
* The rest of the application should still be functional 
  Developers build a new version of system  

4. Which of the following are features of microservices?
  Code is updated more slowly
* Each service in container  
* Different technology stacks per service
* Services communicate via APIs

5. In SOA, the graphical user interfaces are an orchestration layer that does what? 
* Connect sequences of services to create complete business processes 
  Create units of work  
  Enable reuse of services across business processes 
  Connects microservices together

6. The main goal of both microservices and service-oriented architecture is to reuse services across an organization.
  True
* False

7. In Factor 8: Concurrency, why do applications run concurrent processes? 
  To handle logs  
  To more easily work with backing services
* To handle increased load 
  All of the above 

8. Which of the patterns for microservices loads one interface that never reloads? 
  Backend for Frontend (BFF)  
  Strangler pattern 
* Single page application (SPA) 
  Adapter microservices pattern  

9. Which of the patterns for microservices enables customized user experiences for different channels like mobile and web?
  Strangler pattern  
  Single page application (SPA) 
* Backend for Frontend (BFF) 
  Aggregate pattern 

10. Which microservices pattern includes three steps: transform, coexist, eliminate? 
  Single page application (SPA)  
  Service discovery pattern 
* Strangler pattern 
  Backend for Frontend (BFF) 
