Practice Quiz1. In the car analogy used in the video to explain and differentiate between the three service models, which of the provided options is an analogy for PaaS?  Leasing a car  Hiring a taxi  Buying a car* Renting a car2. According to the IaaS video, which one of these is NOT a likely use case for IaaS?  High-performance computing  Big Data Analysis* Retaining in-house control over workload availability and performance   Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery3. Which of these scenarios are good use cases for PaaS. Select two.* API Development and Management* Build, test, deploy, enhance, and scale applications rapidly and cost-effectively  Organizations who do not want to invest in ongoing upgrades and maintenance of their applications  Organizations who want to maintain full control over the installation, configuration, and operation of their application infrastructure4. Which one of the following is a good use case for SaaS?  Applications that have highly confidential and sensitive data  Organizations that have a geographically spread workforce, some of them working in areas with erratic or unreliable internet connections  Business-critical applications* Organizations looking to reduce on-premises IT infrastructure and capital expenditure5. Which of these scenarios are good use cases for Public Cloud? Select two.  Managing business critical platforms and applications* Reducing time-to-market for products and services* Disaster recovery, data protection, and business continuity  Applications with stable capacity and resourcing needs6. Private cloud platforms can be implemented internally or externally. What is an external private cloud platform?  Cloud platform that runs on-premises  Controlled access and customized security measures.* Virtual Private Cloud or VPC  Platform that is owned, managed, and operated by the organization7. What do we mean when we say that the Hybrid Cloud is interoperable?* The public and private cloud services can understand each other¡¯s APIs, configuration, data formats, and forms of authentication and authorization  When there is a spike in demand, a workload running on the private cloud can leverage the additional public cloud capacity  Organizations can choose to run their sensitive workloads on a private cloud  You are no longer locked-in with a specific vendo