Graded Quiz1. What best describes the network operations that Node.js makes?  Blocked operations return immediately without added processing time on the server  Applications block every network operation to complete at the same time on the server  Non-blocked operations return in a synchronized manner with added processing time on the server* Non-blocked operations return immediately without added processing time on the server2. Before the Node.js framework receives the HTTP response message from the remote web server, it immediately returns a result for the http.request function call. What does this result state?* A request is in progress.  The return message will be sent successfully.  The callback function was called successfully.   The response message will be sent successfully.3. What might you need to use when sending a request call from a function inside a Node.js module?  HTML* HTTPS  CSS  Markdown4. What parameter is optional in an http.request?  Event variable parameter  Resource variable parameter  Location function parameter* Callback function parameter5. What object do Node.js modules in the SDK pass as the first parameter in a callback function?  Location  Identity  Destination* Error6. What do you pass back in the callback handler to indicate a successful return?  Error* Null object  404 status code  Empty string7. Which function calls the resultCallback callback function to return results to the main application?  result()  step()* http.request()  aggregate_context()8. JSON is the standard format for API data exchange. What relationship does JSON have with Node.js?  JSON_SET* Standard representation of native JavaScript objects  Metadata file  Common data model folder9. When an error occurs, which state is the promise at?  Aborted  Resolved  Pending* Rejected10. The axios package handles HTTP requests in Node.js and returns a promise object. The promise object has a method that is called after the promise completes. What method does the promise object use?  or  else* then  if