Practice Quiz1. What are some of the key elements of data protection discussed in the ¡°What is Cloud Security¡± video?	A. Data at rest	B. Data in motion	C. Data in use	D. Dynamic and static scanning of applications  A and B only   A, B, C, and D   B and C only * A, B, and C only  2. What are some of the monitoring tools that help you to gain insights about your posture, compliance, and threats? Select two.  Hypervisors     Data encryption    * Flow logs from the network    * Security events    3. What is the role SecDevOps plays in cloud security?  Identity and Access Management   Helps maintain visibility of all data exchanges between public, private, and hybrid cloud environments    * Security in the DevOps process helps embed security through the life cycle of an application      Provides policies, technological procedures, services, and solutions to secure the enterprise against security threats and breaches    4. What are some of the benefits of using access groups? Select two.* Access groups provide a more streamlined way to assign access rights to a group of users and service IDs as compared to assigning individual access   Access groups create an additional level of authentication for application users * The use of access groups helps to reduce the number of policies in an account   Access groups define the users, the resources to which access is being granted, and the permission level that each user has on these resources 5. Identify the two main parts of an encryption system from the provided options. Select two.* The decryption key  Client-side encryption   Server-side encryption * The encryption algorithm 6. What are some of the benefits that cloud monitoring solutions offer? Select two.  Troubleshoot applications and infrastructure * Provide proactive notifications of abnormal or unusual situations   Prevent unauthorized users from accessing the systems * Accelerate the diagnosis and resolution of performance incidents 7. What are some of the common outcomes¡¯ companies like The Weather Company, American Airlines, Cementos Pacasmayo, Welch Foods, and LiquidPower achieve with cloud migration?  	A. Meeting the information/service needs of their customers	B. Resolving their scalability challenge	C. Cost efficiencies  B and C only   A and B only * A, B, and C   A and C only 8. The Weather Company migrated its weather web property to a secure, scalable, and global architecture in the IBM Cloud. What are some of the benefits they realized as a result of this migration? Select two.* Optimize their systems for elasticity in handling extreme spikes in demand which can mean a difference between life and death for its users      Faster development and release of new apps and digital self-service tools to customers    * Harness local data centers to minimize latency for users spread across the globe      Increase asset availability and overall equipment effectiveness    9. What are some of the technical skills necessarily required for the role of Cloud Software Engineer? Select two.* Knowledge of data structures, distributed systems, operating systems, and algorithms * Proficiency in commonly used web application development languages, such as Python, JavaScript, Java, HTML, and CSS   Perform threat simulations to detect possible risks   Understanding existing systems to recommend automated integration of disparate data sets