Module 1 Graded Quiz

1. Which of the following is not part of the cloud native stack?  
  Cloud infrastructure
  Application runtime
* Machine learning models
  Application code

2. Cloud native applications consist of microservices working together to comprise an application. Where are the microservices typically packaged?  
  Libraries
  Vaults
  Sandbox
* Containers

3. What is one of the efforts that CNCF considers their responsibility?
  Developing new technology
  Making cloud native computing ubiquitous
* Making technologies accessible and reliable
  Reviewing project submissions

4. CNCF technology projects progress through three ascending stages. Which is the middle stage?
  Submission
* Incubated
  Sandbox
  Graduate

5. The app modernization effort touches which stages of application development?
  Build, Deploy, and Run
  Cloud Native, Cloud Ready, Traditional  
* Innovation, Agile Delivery, Cost Reduction  
  Refactor, Repackage, Test  

6. Which of these modernization patterns involve leaving the complex parts of the application as is?
  Migrate monolith to a cloud runtime   
  Refactor to microservices  
  Strangle the monolith  
* Expose APIs

7. What pattern does TDD follow?
  Only some of the code is backed by a test  
  Green-red-deploy  
  Write code and then test  
* Red-green-refactor

8. What does an SRE use to reveal system downtime when making changes?
  Service-level agreements  
* Error budgets  
  Controlled risk  
  Service-level objectives  

9. What is an important reason why organizations use public and hosted private clouds?
* Remove developer concerns and commitment about storage and memory  
  Increase security  
  Cut costs by reducing IT staff   
  Lack of concern with platform and infrastructure needs  

10. What is the difference between a private hosted cloud and a private cloud?
* A private cloud can be hosted and maintained by an organization on premises
* A private cloud can be hosted by an external vendor but maintained by the organization  
* Hosted private clouds are maintained by an external vendor for one   organization  
  All of the above
