Graded Quiz: Consolidate and Deploy Your Django App

1. Django class-based view needs to be mapped with a URL pattern, almost like configuring the URL for the function-based view. The only difference is you need to specify:
  The as_config function
  The as_class method
* The as_view function
  The view_base method

2. Username and password can be received from a user via a login HTML template. Which HTTP method is used to sent username/password to the onlinecourse login view, in order to authenticate the user?
  GET request
  DELETE request 
* POST request 
  None of the above

3. In the Django Bootstrap video, a course index page is designed that contains courses represented as cards. The multiple course cards are then added to a container. How are the multiple course cards managed?
  Placed in a list
  Shuffled 
  Added to a table
* Wrapped in a card deck

4. Django provides a default staticfiles app that collects all static files in a single directory. You can move all static files to this directory when you deploy your app to a production web server. There are several steps to do this. What call do you make in the last step?
* Run 'collectstatic' command line
  STATIC_ROOT
  Run 'importstatic' command line
  STATIC_URL

5. ASGI is another web server interface that Django apps support. What is the main difference between WSGI and ASGI?
  WSGI supports Python
  There is no difference
* ASGI supports asynchronous code
  ASGI supports Python

6. Which type of view was created to address view extensibility and reusability?
  HTTP-based view
  Function-based view
  Method-based view
* Class-based view

7. Does authorization occur before, after, or during the authentication process?
  Before authentication
  During authentication
* After authentication
  Authentication doesn't affect authorization

8. How can you use Bootstrap CSS style classes without manually downloading and importing it?
  You must download Bootstrap
  Copy & paste the CSS style classes
* Add a link to the latest Bootstrap version into the head element of your HTML template 
  Link to the Bootstrap web page before you develop your webpage

9. Django apps can have app-specific static files but can also have external static files. Where do you define the directories for external static files, so you can find them?
  In the PROPERTIES list in manage.py
  In STATIC list in manage.py file
* In the STATICFILES_DIRS list in settings.py file
  In EX_DIRS list in settings.py file

10. WSGI is the main Python standard for communicating between web servers and applications. To make Django apps work with WSGI the startproject command line creates a file that declares an application callable by default. What is this file named?
  giws.py
* wsgi.py
  django.py
  sgi.py
