Module 1 - Graded Quiz

1. Which of the following are benefits of containers?
  Each container runs its own operating system (OS). 
  Each container is fully isolated and therefore secure. 
* Containers provide a standardized way to package and ship software. 
  Like virtual machines (VMs), containers virtualize your infrastructure. 

2. What is an image? 
  A YAML file with key/value pairs specifying the attributes of a container. 
  An isolated process running on a local or remote host with its own file system and networking. 
  A text file that contains the commands and settings that will run a container and the apps running in that container. 
* A read-only file that contains the source code, libraries, and dependencies that are needed to run an application. 

3. In this sample Dockerfile, what does the FROM instruction do? 

        FROM ubuntu:18.04 
        COPY . /app 
        RUN make /app 
        CMD python /app/app.py  

  It defines the operating system on which the docker build command must be run. 
  It defines the virtualized host operating system on which the container will run. 
  It defines the minimum version of the operating system for the docker build command to use. 
* It defines the base image, which in this case is Ubuntu version 18.04. 

4. What does the docker build command do? 
  It creates a Docker app. 
* It uses a Dockerfile to create an image. 
  It creates a Dockerfile. 
  It uses an image to create a container. 

5. You can use the Docker COPY instruction to copy files from your local machine to a container. 
* True
  False

6. What does the Docker CLI build command do? 
  It builds a microservice that will run in an image. 
  It builds a new cluster. 
* It builds an image from a Dockerfile. 
  It builds a Dockerfile. 
  It builds a new container. 

7. Containers include a guest operating system in every instance. 
  True
* False

8. In this sample docker build command, what does the -t option do? 

        docker build -t my-app:v1 . 

* It gives the image the name "my-app" and the tag "v1". 
  It indicates that the version "v1" of "my-app" should be used when building the image. 
  It tags the current working directory as the target location for the image being built. 
  It indicates that the files used to build the image are located in the current working directory. 

9. You use the docker push command to distribute an image to a registry. 
* True
  False
